clarified which ISO need to be mounted (#8137)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-cert-trust-validate-ad-prereq.md

Sign-in to the domain controller hosting the schema master operational role using enterprise administrator equivalent credentials.

> 1. Mount ISO file (or enter the DVD) of Windows Server 2016 or later installation media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mount the ISO file (or insert the DVD) containing Windows Server 2016 or later installation media.
```
